Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello, how are you
LG K40: Okay, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm okay. How have things been going for you.
Um,
LG K40: They've just been going stuff.
LG K40: I am trying to make my appointments
LG K40: A new good though. I'm doing good. Actually a lot better than
LG K40: Usually ever. I got my I didn't think I was, but I got my stimulus check and stuff. So I just been able to get a new TV and stuff.
Yeah.
LG K40: And it was a Pre Owned a new TV, but I got free books like best TV ever anything
LG K40: That you put into it so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was 80 bucks you got it for $80. That's a good deal.
LG K40: Yeah, sure, and try to get another one. But I'm glad I didn't I shoot my little brother, and we do a fast food restaurant.
LG K40: Since he drove me out to where they were fresh food restaurant was that the person that is
LG K40: go meet him and didn't want to meet or whatever. So he just went out to eat.
LG K40: I wouldn't have found right with another TV though like I have another TV. It's just not an easy one, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
LG K40: Because I wouldn't want to get scratched or something. I have enough difficulty watching this one and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
LG K40: So I want to get messed up or you just hear the other one. Anyway, now I know how to find them and offer up and let go and exists apps.
LG K40: Or websites.
Cool.
LG K40: Even even the everybody have side stopped using a
LG K40: faceless and uses a lot going on for up now.
LG K40: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've seen offer up
LG K40: Yeah for Absa app or website and I think they all are. I need to increase this has an app you can download
LG K40: I'm pretty sure
You think
LG K40: Anyways, I've been doing good. I have, I have a lot of work to do.
LG K40: I have a website, my music music work you know like
LG K40: Yeah. MUSIC Like artists and work.
LG K40: I messed up a lot of files with my music on chain like top young as maybe James you any time and
LG K40: And have to lead them all and download like probably 1500 ish we raise
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like, wow.
LG K40: Um, yeah, just put them on a boat is important to me.
LG K40: On my special, special memory cards to. I'm going to start using one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
LG K40: Download my stuff. And then I could like get Mather, and catch up to it like doing downloaded the time
LG K40: Yeah, that's, that's the only way I'm going to be getting files for me anymore.
LG K40: Because
LG K40: It is a mess up a lot of files, but I have most of my files on one of those. But those memory cards.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
LG K40: Like 480. And I think that's everything I had up until a certain point, I could just skip recent stuff again.
LG K40: Yeah. And then that would be cool. So I'm doing that to this month. I just pay my phone bill so I'm gonna have internet service to do it.
LG K40: have unlimited everything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
LG K40: In yeah I just
LG K40: Been trying to do good and surf honestly stay sober and
LG K40: I'm not have a
LG K40: I have a few minutes turbulence. My little brother stays my apartment. I read I read like the night least respect payment to like six bucks.
LG K40: Instead of five because you in Salt Lake and Lake kindly, it is last word in or like yell at me, or whatever.
LG K40: So,
LG K40: If he does stay. He got to like pay like some kind of
LG K40: Convenience or courtesy fee or convenience fee or whatever. I don't know if those are the right words. So you could
LG K40: Just as like a respect thing. Does he thinks he could come and live for free, you know, whenever he wants and
LG K40: He doesn't have his apartment yet. So I'm saying
LG K40: Cuz he puts me through a lot, you know. So I got a surgeon Breton
LG K40: I charge it. Whoever in any way he should like offer if he stays for a few nights isn't officially living with me. But if he sees for a few nights, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, yeah, that's also helping him learn responsibility and
LG K40: Yeah, pretty much. I got like chasing him. And so as long as it really helped me right now.
LG K40: She didn't want to pay your phone bill so we could get her chair plan back together for 45 bucks a month.
But
LG K40: Not right now. I should say paid 63 books do you have my phone on cash, it's, I don't even have my card working for my debit card and you call them now after this timeout.
LG K40: Finish ordering stuff for like four games brand new in the rapper.
LG K40: And this games are going to be cool, I'll have like seven deaths and so
LG K40: On it's always good. Now they have a bunch of games up the PS4. I'm starting to get games, you know,
LG K40: Yeah, I got it. Did you Man game.
LG K40: Has all the characters in it. It's like the second cyber sleuth one
Yes, yeah.
LG K40: So I think that's cool. My little brother told me which one was the right one.
LG K40: Yeah.
LG K40: And then I got to do one. It's the new material. I'm hoping it's as good as like third one really Xbox 360
LG K40: That was really good. When I came across it package is still being brand new said it had doing three and do one and two. I was mostly interested in the third one that they wanted. They want about 40 bucks for it. So I don't know it'd be cool to have it on PS4 and stuff.
LG K40: But I just wanted to get the new one from 2020
LG K40: Is 40 bucks for an old games kind of our ages, but it's a new 2020 game. It's like 50 bucks or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG K40: Cuz they're going to be coming out with them on the PSP also
LG K40: I got this one game. I would rather you help me get done and credit card. You also get that that second digital on game to just make card was actually weird I got few games on my car.
LG K40: Um, but then started messing up you know
Uh huh.
LG K40: So Adam gets last game is it came out to $21 even tax issues 21 books like in 2011
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG K40: So it worked out.
LG K40: appreciate him doing that, but I'm gonna
LG K40: I only want to bring it up, but I'm gonna hijack to go back to being America or service. One more time.
And
LG K40: Just have them get my old number, whatever.
LG K40: And they have to have one number and other so I'm seeing here I have my own number still
LG K40: And was naked verify that I give a card unlocked, you know,
Yeah.
LG K40: Encourage like laughs and so
LG K40: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was very good.
LG K40: I want to unlock it and I want to buy some stuff pretty much
LG K40: They've been like lacking a lot of stuff here. I need and so
LG K40: My cars we've been getting a fraudulent activity that might be like someone getting about 100 bucks every month they hope they don't do it with all my
LG K40: Money on there, you know,
LG K40: Yeah, so
LG K40: I just got another hundred bucks or so about 118 or something. Hundred and 1318 or whatever 11
LG K40: In the reimbursement money, they sent me a letter like underneath.
LG K40: Um,
LG K40: Because
LG K40: Some somebody I don't know who it is, but someone stupid anyway account somehow
LG K40: It's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Going on.
LG K40: Yeah yeah there's low there's internet scam artists nowadays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me how your recovery is going
LG K40: It's going good. HON. I see the last season I had was so one owed me money. I want them to pay me back cash but they said they only had the stuff so
LG K40: I had to kind of take it or get nothing. You know,
LG K40: Let's say, oh, well, I tried to pay you back through whatever
LG K40: You know, so I said it taking it and having like this kinda was smaller unit relapse with it. I didn't know I could I, yeah, I want to get anywhere. So I just did it. You know, I want to trade.
LG K40: I was kind of feeling bad anyway.
LG K40: It didn't help. It made me feel a lot worse.
LG K40: It kicked in for a little while and then it started making me feel real bad and like down a lot, you know,
LG K40: Yeah, so
LG K40: That was the last time that was about a week or two ago.
And
LG K40: Yes, I was about it.
LG K40: Is about a week or two ago, nothing happened. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was a week or two.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: YEAH, AND SO YOU'VE BEEN SOBER SINCE
LG K40: Um, yeah, I've been a
LG K40: Police over just
LG K40: For about two last two weeks I've been entirely sober.
LG K40: Um,
LG K40: I've
LG K40: Just started I got my new card in the mail yesterday afternoon.
LG K40: So I like
LG K40: I just got paid to and I got there in verse meant for like $118 and so
LG K40: So I had have money and I just invested in like TV like ps4 stuff to stay inside
LG K40: Of a really cool one stuff at the box for it and everything and all the headphone thing liquid liquid thing and so
LG K40: Um,
LG K40: So it's pretty neat.
LG K40: So I think it's worth investing into it. It's like my look ups for I'd say like it had like three other ones and three other switches. This one for some reason. It's always done be good, you know, it comes back, even if it gets like lost or something or
LG K40: Like you ain't got missing stolen or something and it came back and it was firing.
LG K40: Someone said they thought the neighbor was going to rip me off so they had to save it, you know.
Yeah.
LG K40: So that's what
LG K40: Column report my friend that he didn't do anything or whatever.
LG K40: So he's trying. He you're you're out into the ghosts situations and that never came up. So you guys sit at care that
LG K40: The I guess just
LG K40: I haven't been hanging around with many people at all, just my little brother. He supports me staying sober.
LG K40: Um,
LG K40: Yeah.
LG K40: Rides and stuff.
Like
LG K40: See
LG K40: You'll see us or a sister or whatever the case may be.
Yeah.
LG K40: So,
LG K40: Um,
LG K40: I guess.
LG K40: No serious her eyes and he he is firstly like not doing drugs and stuff like that substances.
LG K40: First, a sobriety and then they got me ice cream. When I got out of the hospital on, sir.
LG K40: Like to get these light blue Sonic ones, and they're pretty cool like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When were you in the hospital.
LG K40: I was in the eventual breakdown hospital. I think the 17th. Last month I got checked in.
LG K40: Yeah yeah
LG K40: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I, how long were you there.
LG K40: I was there for about a week.
LG K40: Are back seven days. I think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I didn't know that.
LG K40: Yeah, I was there.
LG K40: I mean having issues. I am getting back with getting like my mind straight and stuff with the
LG K40: Than the vilify like education.
Yeah.
LG K40: And it'll help
LG K40: Will help me stay like sober and stuff.
Yeah.
LG K40: And it's a good reason for me as a server because I think quite mental breakdown situation happened because
LG K40: I wasn't saying sober and using drugs or bad substances like a card.
LG K40: Like real drugs, you know,
Yeah.
LG K40: So,
LG K40: That came up and
LG K40: I just, I don't know, I've been feeling like kind of like not
LG K40: Like today. I just shared then paying my rent my phone bill like
LG K40: Right around the same time and got that really hot where I'm out into Mexico.
LG K40: It's probably like 90 something degrees out soon.
Yeah.
LG K40: I'm glad I paid my rent and stuff. I need you to hold
LG K40: Just certain people, I need to have my phone on stuff and then play my PS4. I gotta have gigs. I got 25 gigs now.
LG K40: With my service fun
LG K40: Huh. It's normally only 60 bucks for how my service plan is now but if my mom goes in.
LG K40: On a service plan with me. She cannot pay 45 and I can only pay for a favor. However,
LG K40: We can still make it that way.
LG K40: I lived in Jeddah to Metro PCS, sir.
LG K40: That's why service provider here.
So,
LG K40: Yeah, we have $45 apiece. If we go in on a shared plan.
LG K40: And then
LG K40: That would be cool.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That'd be cool, but
LG K40: Either way, I saved us, I got us 10 extra gigs for life.
LG K40: With our service plans and it only have been done like I did it the second to last day of the month, last month.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
LG K40: And they said about a did it trained to do it this month. I wouldn't have been able to see if there's 10 gigs for life.
LG K40: So I'm talking one gives we get another 10
LG K40: So I have. I've just 25 games on my phone now.
LG K40: I'm going to probably play my racing game needs a energies, a hotspot.
LG K40: So,
LG K40: It's a really cool racing game though. It's the new crispy. The 2015
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
And the
LG K40: Is a and I was like the best graphics and as like realistic like fire.
LG K40: Like comes out of the exhaust pipes. When the engines like going a certain way.
LG K40: Yeah, it's just real cool and it's HILLARY, HILLARY looks awesome on my new TV when each of us really really pull
LG K40: I think I left out like on that TV like they have like it doesn't even have really it doesn't have a scratch on it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG K40: So it's really cool. And it was barely used hardly any a bit
LG K40: So I just got love to use headcount that when people wanting to do business with me right away and met with me.
LG K40: I know I'm actually glad that other person didn't come with their TV because
LG K40: I don't know where they were whatever shun like a bad deal. They had some other stuff resell it looks on their profile. They had like
LG K40: Like a gym equipment for sale. So I was like, Screw this like it's probably not. It wasn't a non new seller to
LG K40: The seller was like a not verified or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah, you gotta be careful. Good cats.
LG K40: Yeah. So yeah, it could have been a chance. Some trader up rip me off or something.
LG K40: Because if they're not verified people want me to verify. So I have a verified account on my let go and so
LG K40: I think you verify it by going up your account on their Facebook.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG K40: That's how it works.
LG K40: I go on there allowed. I gotta sound system that is really cool like lights up with like to blue lights and then like center lights up a bogus like stuff on it and so
LG K40: It's all blacks and stuff. I have the remote for to I asked him to give me the remote he did I, I really wanted it a lot. So after if there's any way to pay like 10 bucks for their gas and the light up 10 bucks and give them 64
LG K40: And it's like $100 system easily like least you know
Yeah.
LG K40: So,
LG K40: That's cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's some good stuff happening. Huh.
LG K40: Yeah, I'm glad I got my internet back on the hot spots are with my new single plan.
LG K40: single person plan with my
LG K40: Service provider with my phone.
LG K40: Because I'm now I'm going to have a lot of internet to play my probably my racing game.
LG K40: He's waiting for, like, a body kits and I ALREADY I ALREADY
LG K40: Put a lot of aftermarket modifications on it like for performance.
LG K40: Yeah, so I got like the beginning like I'm starting to get likes it faster and stuff. I got the horse power up like 20 horsepower with the stuff I did, or whatever.
LG K40: Yeah, so click that. It's like certain parts and stuff for, um,
LG K40: Can you see you is like the computer of the card or like
LG K40: Like brain of it like makes everything works together a certain way to where you get like five extra horsepower seven or six extra horsepower, whatever.
LG K40: Yeah, maybe like 10 horsepower. I don't know. It just depends, you know, yeah, that when there's cars as an ECU there seems to be like put things on them and faster.
LG K40: And it makes everything work together, but different like better, you know, like all the same time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
LG K40: And then there's like camshaft so I'm looking into that, but that's like
LG K40: Probably something to do with like shit. Like, like with yours are shifting or the motor with the engine or whatever, like
Cylinders or something.
LG K40: I'm those things helped you. I brought my vehicle up like three or four horsepower.
LG K40: It's really realistic game, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG K40: And it's a UK like tune up like to do their the pressure in their tires and stuff, a certain way.
LG K40: Uh huh. So drone new and need say my favorite version of any racing game.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
LG K40: I even got like the case where it's like a clear red one for the PS4.
LG K40: We knew that we
LG K40: Said, like a blue clear one
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice. Cool.
LG K40: Game yeah so surreal cool version of the game and stuff.
LG K40: Like the master version you mastered version where like take out any glitches and all that stuff and graphics, you're better and everything.
LG K40: But even the cover art like the like have better and stuff and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool huh
LG K40: Yes, the coolest version.
LG K40: I knew because I knew about. I know about games and disks and stuff.
LG K40: Yeah, like I had to check him in for being good and not
LG K40: Like, I know the circle scratch like on the side of one disc that's orange kind of scratchy could get as a circle. One, it is like a circle going around the circle is different, but those are bad, too, I think.
LG K40: It's a circle on like side of a disk. It's a real bad being, you know,
LG K40: Well, I know, because it's like I know about digital stuff and you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG K40: I used to get a lot of DVDs and queries and games. And what else to people and stuff in there. Tell me about certain things and so
LG K40: That were important. I thought like
LG K40: It's a big deal. You know, like he told up a disc like the light and if you
LG K40: If you don't see any like missing parts or if you see it don't see any light through it pretty much
LG K40: Yeah, actually, as you can tell that this might play if it's on like real good laser like my PS4 something
LG K40: Uh huh. It's a if you have a strong enough laser and then you got to clean them under water and, like, make sure that water doesn't get in between the desk like where you hold it with your finger here.
Uh huh.
LG K40: And like swipe it off with like high pressure water in the tub with hot and cold water, you know, and try not to break it and stuff and Natalie. And so often like cold water and it'll be like clean and other sites you you know
LG K40: Yeah, often dirt out from in it and so
LG K40: I'm I've been watching a lot of DVDs. I got like five there P scratch to just work just trying, you know,
LG K40: As I was when you see it like through like how it is in the dark and stuff in the PS4 Reverend gene.
LG K40: It'll just be that. And if this is like clean. You know, does have a circle stretch anywhere on it.
LG K40: It'll probably read it you know like if it's clean and not missing the top and certain stuff about it, you know, if it's not broken or whatever.
Yeah.
LG K40: So that's cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's really cool. So tell me, how is been your self care. How are you sleeping and eating.
LG K40: I've been sleeping a lot. Um,
LG K40: I've been sleeping.
LG K40: I said probably that five times in a row for like one day. Like, I think, does it
LG K40: Mm hmm. I've been seeking more in towards the beginning of the morning like this morning I woke up early compared to how late. I've been waking up lately about
LG K40: Normally I'd wake up about like one or 12 or two or three or 4am you know
LG K40: Yeah, like really and stuff.
LG K40: Lately I've been waking up when it's like D time and stuff outside. I think
LG K40: So I'm thinking like
LG K40: I'm thinking
LG K40: The
LG K40: feeling that something might be wearing off like some kind of bad side effects or something and I'm getting sleep again.
LG K40: Or something, or I don't know something's changing anything can read, though.
LG K40: So I'm getting sleep in stuff more
LG K40: Good. Now,
LG K40: That's pretty stressful without sleep or not. A lot of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how are you eating.
LG K40: I mean, pretty good.
LG K40: I got like $365 you need me to one time on my throat to
LG K40: Choke and went and got like stuff here and there. And then I went by, like 200 bucks VTS works pretty much
LG K40: And it was all really cool stuff.
LG K40: Like I still have a lot of like I love gummy bears.
LG K40: Like some stuff and he go shopping. Again, but I usually just eat out. Now I don't qualify for
LG K40: More than 25 bucks a month, usually
LG K40: Its current, current various he gave me like gave me $163 and then $126 or $8
LG K40: And then it will be back down to 25 so
LG K40: I don't know. I had a friend, he got me some food, a lot of food is like four different kinds of Joey's and user spectacular groceries.
LG K40: So you got him some of your issues because he asked you wouldn't have been nice. Not so you know just reading the paper for that.
LG K40: Um,
LG K40: Yeah I friended that a few times, actually.
LG K40: Um, so I got it. Like, but I had to set a limit. You know I has a like
LG K40: Like 50 bucks or whatever. And then they can each get two special items, a piece after that. So he's you're like 25 or whatever.
Yeah.
LG K40: Yeah, so I had to do that. And then like I think
LG K40: I'm I knew that was. It was like one time.
LG K40: And I told him because they asked again, or my friend asked again. I said, oh, they cut me off in notice 25 bucks a month so
LG K40: Yeah, maybe helped him with a 70 bucks or whatever.
LG K40: You've actually done everyone
LG K40: Does it, you know, can
LG K40: But I feel good because that person is paid off, he's paid off with me and
LG K40: I'm I don't really know anyone anything right now and I and financially doing well.
LG K40: Enough to buy a vehicle probably right now.
LG K40: I'm
LG K40: Wanting to do that pretty much
LG K40: Yeah, you have like 1400 probably tomorrow.
LG K40: And I can get a vehicle. I'm going to start looking for one anyway.
LG K40: I get off for 1400 for like 400 or something.
LG K40: Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That sorry I gotta have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Insurance and stuff too.
LG K40: Yeah, well I'm gonna have to be perfect here for a few like for like four weeks or something.
LG K40: And nope, no one says anything like maybe I don't want to really drive her out on the street.
LG K40: I gotta make sure it's a good one to
LG K40: Like 1400 BUCKS, IS A LOT FOR SOMETHING TO JUST risk.
LG K40: Are you pretty good at it. But even foreigners could get beat up and stuff like Missy and engine rod or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
LG K40: I'm a finger like all a monster truck like moving and stuff kind of make it sound like that to
LG K40: Uh huh. It also driving stuff. It'll just need it will be mentioned engine rod is like kind of work you know
LG K40: Guys like go under the engine or take the engine out to the whole thing. So that's way too much work for me for like 1500 dollar vehicle or the thousand dollar vehicle or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG K40: So I'm gonna go for more if I hadn't my first one. I could go for like 2700. They got it from 1500 and all I had to do is add some steering power steering fluid totally fixed the steering situation.
LG K40: And I thought it was going to be. We will do and stuff, but it wasn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good.
LG K40: Yeah, that seems like 1500 bucks.
LG K40: That was my first official vehicle I'm
Just
LG K40: I don't know. I'm just. Other than that, just, I don't want to talk negative really
LG K40: Trying to focus on positive people that are in my life, you know,
That
LG K40: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: taking your medication regularly right
LG K40: There I took one this morning, have a swag soon.
LG K40: As being kind of show you had to go and do some stuff to get my those paid
LG K40: Just like the customer service people are being negative, you know,
LG K40: I think, but I don't want to bring it up. It's just their problem. You know, I don't want to bring up stress chemicals.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
LG K40: Utility that'll bring up stress, causing chemicals that can make like diseases and stuff.
LG K40: That stress even causes that stuff. So I get mad at my little brother and have to tell them, you know, or whatever.
LG K40: Um,
LG K40: I really get like all vicious like with him or anything, sometimes she'll you know there's only one way, people will learn
LG K40: You get the idea. But, uh, I try not to go there with him and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
LG K40: I'm trying to help if I actually if he needs a place to sit at night. I'm just trying to help you know so you don't have to go to sleep outside where I'm at and Mexico, a little bit further down is downtown and like there's this homeless people are street people or whatever.
LG K40: And then they'll uh they're pretty bad news, you know, the trading give you bad plays and stuff, just like real jokes.
LG K40: Mm hmm on time. I thought this one, it knows it's cheaper than I thought was just this person, that person has asked at weddings. Oh, hey, I just lost my job.
LG K40: Is I didn't kick flips on a skateboard or something and then walk. She said, hey, you want to hit some of this stuff, you know, or whatever our drugs.
LG K40: Jerry. Guess so. And I was getting ready to maybe do some it trays drugs and I noticed it wasn't melting quick there's like some kind of other stuff in it, like, super glue or something real bad.
LG K40: And I noticed like
LG K40: I like I noticed it was bad to. I was like, kinda got smoked a little bit so I
LG K40: Started to like put it on like in my mouth a little bit but not until it and I chose bad stuff. So it's true that you know like years later that
LG K40: That person gave that later to surrender and ever, and told his friend to take a hit of that. So, can these automatic happily me who that stuff like a typical hit of it. You know, I was like, No, screw this, you got the heck out of there. No.
Yeah.
LG K40: So yeah, I took off pretty fast on my skateboard. And I guess you'd like about 20 different gums.
LG K40: To like get get all that stuff out, you know,
LG K40: Yes, like five into the Rio Grande River and stuff.
LG K40: Like as I was going over it, you know.
LG K40: Train them up and spitting out and stuff and getting that stuff out.
LG K40: It is pretty scary that stuff you're in your mind. Like, I probably went crazy from this Randy giving it to him, you know,
LG K40: Yeah, they left that later. I was like, here you just keep it. And I just, they're like offering me a deal or something like that. Yeah, sure. Here's later, you know,
LG K40: Me like some some weird like like fishes or something or something, you know, like I dropped it and just check off left. And as I was doing that. I heard the guy. He's like, so I can't believe you gave me a hint of that stuff all blowing out like for Google clouds are never
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG K40: So I checked off. I just got out of there as fast as I could, you know,
LG K40: Because these three people are all like vicious and trying to juggle you unless you or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you got to really be careful.
LG K40: I know. So I was I'm scared and I'm already scared about people doing that so
LG K40: I got like take off and so
LG K40: So thankfully I didn't get any poison from that or anything.
LG K40: But I'm trying to get better. You know you server on that that situation in turn out so bad. I just like I later that we used for some extreme trauma reparations friend though River. See, they don't care. They're just like the screw each other over and stuff, you know,
LG K40: Like all
LG K40: These just. They're vicious like serpents, you know, I'd say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG K40: Like surfing started seeing a human serpents, or whatever. So I just stay away. You know, I'm
LG K40: glad they could be out here stuff so
LG K40: I'm trying to tell my little brother. Long story short, he doesn't want to fall asleep. I am or something, you know,
Yeah.
LG K40: So, yeah.
LG K40: Anyways, that's just what's been going on. I'm trying to help out my little brother. I think the students
LG K40: He charges I charged him a little bit a night to stay of respects captured ever, it works out good.
LG K40: It's like to do you know like
LG K40: Stuff like that. I like treat him to meals are shutting stuff sometimes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. That's really good.
LG K40: Stuff so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The big brother. Okay, well I'm gonna let you go. It sounds like you're doing pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you in group. I've already. You've got to refill on your prescription
LG K40: One refill. I think that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah. So, because I just tried to let the doctor know that you came to came to your appointment today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so I was informed that you have a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Refill on your prescription so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're good to go until we get into group and see the doctor on Friday.
LG K40: Okay. Okay, cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. So listen, keep doing what you're doing, you're doing a really good job. Angela You hear me.
LG K40: Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, I think you're adding on a super extra variety for like two weeks straight. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good job.
LG K40: There's I'm trying to go for a month straight and make the habit of eating drugs. Yeah.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. That's important. And it also helps keep your medication stable and that keeps working with it.
LG K40: Oh, yeah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, that probably said this, this last shot. I gotta for two shots. It's like, especially new one with other social new one. When just got added to this new one and
LG K40: It works good with me though. It's the only one that will work. So I'll do it.
LG K40: Like you said, my mind straight, you know,
LG K40: Yeah, then I'll come off of it on my own. I don't know how long the treatment with it right. Come on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
LG K40: There you go, stay sober. That's another thing because drugs on my mind. Uh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
LG K40: No strong
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it won't end your medication won't let your medication work it interferes with it working.
LG K40: Oh, the drugs.
LG K40: Yes. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I don't want any drugs or anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Take good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So keep doing what you're doing. Okay, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you in group on Friday and you have a great next couple days. Okay.
LG K40: You too. Thanks. You hear
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me YouTube. Okay, bye. Angela.